In the last video we used
the union function to combine
multiple cubes. We're now going to use
the subtract function, to subtract an
additional object from our union
object. So let's create a sphere.
Radius 25 and we will move it slightly around.
And for inspection, we push
it into our objects array.
Save it and now we have a little sphere connecting
to our union object. And we now want to subtract
it from the union object. We want to cut something
out of the union object. Therefore, we don't push
the union object and we don't push our sphere, but
we create a new variable to store our subtracted
object. Let's call it subObject and we will use
the subtract function. And also the subtract
function also only takes an array. But the
order in which we provide the parameters is very
important. Because the first object is the object
that we will subtract all the other objects from.
So in this case, we will start with our union
object and we will subtract the sphere object.
Then we push the result into our objects array.
Save it and now we can see that the sphere has
been subtracted from our union shape. And just to
show you the importance of the order of elements
in the subtract array. I will just switch them
around and now we can see that this time the
union object was subtracted from the sphere.